1. Team Number: 011-8
2. Team Name: Watchlist
3. 
Neha Ramachandra-nera4157@colorado.edu-nehabykadi, 
Conner Groth-conner.groth@colorado.edu-connergroth,
Joe Zakrzewski-joe.zakrzewski@colorado.edu-joe-z-school,
Lizzie Ruff-lizzie.ruff@colorado.edu-liru4345,
Maeve Pettey-maeve.pettey@colorado.edu-maevePettey,
Ella Pasternak-ella.pasternak@colorado.edu-elpaster
4. MovieMate
5. This application is a movie social media and you can post movies and recommendations and ratings. This is specifically limited to movies so no tv shows. We will have tabs
for friend posts, where you can see your friend's movie recommendations and interact with them. We will also have a tab for general movie recommendations with posts of the 
highest rated movies pulled from a movie API and there will be a toggle at the side where you can search for specific movies or filter by genres.

   Each user has their own profile so they must register and login to access the site. In their profile they will be able to see their movie watchlist that is created by
them interacting with posts or them adding specific movies from the search feature. They will also have a watched tab that will contain all the movies that they have watched 
and they can create posts about them and their friends can see these lists as well. They can also see their own posts, bio, and profile information with a choice of a
profile picture icon. The profile page will also contain their friends list so they can see who they are following. Finally they will also have the option to logout on this 
page as well.

6. Ages 16-30, Movie Fanatics,
7. For movie fanatics, who are looking for recommendations or a fandom community. MovieMate is a social media application that connects movie watchers together. Unlike Rotten Tomatoes, our product is interactive and connects people. 
8. https://github.com/Joe-Z-School/CSCI3308-MovieMate

10. Communication Plan: We are using MS Teams for communication. 
11. Meeting Plan: Team Meetings on a Case by Case basis with meetings scheduled on MS Teams and a weekly check-in on Fridays(brief text saying what you've done this week) Weekly Meeting with TA-Zoom Fridays at 5:30

